{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2639
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red249\green248\blue242;\red16\green16\blue16;
\red197\green136\blue83;\red81\green157\blue235;\red155\green162\blue177;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c98039\c97647\c96078;\cssrgb\c7843\c7843\c7451;
\cssrgb\c81961\c60392\c40000;\cssrgb\c38039\c68627\c93725;\cssrgb\c67059\c69804\c74902;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c93333;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww28600\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Application process\
\
1. Create a folder in harddisk and a new project in Cluade\
1.1 Create a pdf file from the posting. save it in the folder and upload to claude project.\
1.2 Upluad the following files to the claude project:\
	1[ ] Source of truth\
	2[ ] Strategic positioning\
	3[ ] Personas: Morten kvist, Elisabeth, 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Rachel Kim (Career Strategist), Alex Park (Verification Strategist) Dr. Sarah Chen (AI Implementation Specialist), Lene skovgaard\
	4[ ] CV Style guide\
	5[ ] Cover letter style guide\
	6[ ] How I built this template.\
	7[ ] updated provess playbook\
\
2 create a new chat titled posting analysis\
2.1 Upload the file\

\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 2.2 Promt the following: read the strategic positioning then execute the job-posting-analysis skill. \
2.3 save the file to the project\
\
3. Create a new chat titled story selection\
3.1 Prompt the following. read the strategic positioning then execute the story-selection-mapping skill on [name of analasys document].\
3.2 save the file to project\
\
4 Create a new chat titled core messeage creation\
4.1 Prompt the following: 
\f2\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
core messeage creation\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Dear Morten Kvist. You are charged with writing a memorable and interesting cover letter and cv that will land an interview. Read the strategic positioning, the forca_story_selection_mapping.json, and the Forca_AI_Generalist_Analysis.json then create a posting strategy document in .md format that outlines the content, specific wordings, and interplay between cv, cover letter and How i built this template. colaborate with David Chen, Rachel Kim, Alex park and Dr Sarah Chen on the outline.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0  \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4.2 Prompt the following: 
\f2\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Writing the documents.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Dear Morten Kvist please execute the CV and cover letter accoring to the posting strategy document, Forca_Application_Posting_Strategy, cv style guide and Cover letter syle guides. Remember to create MD files for the content. Please also fill in the fields in the "how i built this" template.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 - Use proper UTF\cf5 \strokec5 -8\cf0 \strokec2  encoding for all special characters - Danish\cf6 \strokec6 :\cf0 \strokec2  \'f8\cf7 \strokec7 ,\cf0 \strokec2  \'e6\cf7 \strokec7 ,\cf0 \strokec2  \'e5 - German\cf6 \strokec6 :\cf0 \strokec2  \'fc\cf7 \strokec7 ,\cf0 \strokec2  \'f6\cf7 \strokec7 ,\cf0 \strokec2  \'e4\cf7 \strokec7 ,\cf0 \strokec2  \'df - Test examples that must render correctly\cf6 \strokec6 :\cf0 \strokec2  * Vejles\'f8parken (NOT Vejles\'c3\'b8parken) * Br\'fcel & Kj\'e6r (NOT Br\'c3\'83\'c2\'bcel & Kj\'c3\'83\'c2\'a6r) - If you see garbled characters in your output\cf7 \strokec7 ,\cf0 \strokec2  regenerate with correct encoding.\
CRITICAL INSTRUCTION\cf6 \strokec6 :\cf0 \strokec2  Target language for this application\cf6 \strokec6 :\cf0 \strokec2  \cf7 \strokec7 \{\cf0 \strokec2 target_language\cf7 \strokec7 \}\cf0 \strokec2  ALL content must be generated in \cf7 \strokec7 \{\cf0 \strokec2 target_language\cf7 \strokec7 \}\cf0 \strokec2 . If style guide examples are in different language\cf7 \strokec7 ,\cf0 \strokec2  TRANSLATE them. Examples are patterns to follow\cf7 \strokec7 ,\cf0 \strokec2  not text to copy.
\f2\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 4.3 Prompt: Dear Elisabeth please review fraising and wording in the cover letter, cv, and how i built this and fix any glaring issuers. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 4.4 save the cv, coverletter, and how i built this to the project.\
\
5. creata a new chat called Verification\
5.1 Prompt: 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Verification againset source of truth\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \strokec2 \
Please create a verification report based on the truthfullnes-verification skill based on the Cover_Letter_Tue_Beck_Saarie_Forca_AI_Generalist_{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mk2.md/"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \ul \ulc8 \strokec8 MK2.md}}\'a0and\'a0Cover_Letter_Tue_Beck_Saarie_Forca_AI_Generalist_{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://mk2.md/"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \ul \ulc8 \strokec8 MK2.md}}\
use the\'a0Tue_Beck_Saarie_Source_of_Truth_{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://v2.2.md/"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \ul \ulc8 \strokec8 v2.2.md}}\'a0\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
6. Inspect the verification report. \
6.1 If needed ask Dr Chen	 for advice\
\
\
7. Create a chat called final AI verification\
7.1 Prompt. 
\f2\fs32 \cf3 \cb4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
AI verification step\cf3 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \cb4 Dear Rachel and David. Please verify that this coverletter and CV is likely to get me an interview.\
Please read the material with fresh eyes and point out any glaring issues.\
Please give me a metric for fit to posting.
\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 7.2 Dr. Sarah Chen. Please suggest any improvements to the process that might be required based on Rachel and Davids feedback and the Playbook.\
\
8. Create a new chat called Layout and download\
8.1 Propmt: Dear Lene Skovgaard. Plese layout the cv, coverletter and how i built this in the corresponding templates. \
\
9. final human inspection and sending. \
\
\
Todo. \
1. Create this playbook as a reference for Dr Chen.\
2. run the test on the application\
3. Document templates by lene.\
\
\
\
Test 1 issues\
a) Prompt 2.2 did not create a file. When asked to do so it created an md file. Ask dr chen if that is good or it should be a Json file.  I stoped it and asked it to create a jason. That should have been done automatically. suggested promt fix \'93read the strategic positioning then execute the job-posting-analysis skill. Output a json file\'94\
b) I profil bruger Morten den lange formulering - med kvalitet. Hvorfor.\
c) De danske bogstaver \'e6\'f8\'e5 og \'fc fremst\'e5r nogle steder med kode. 
\f1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Vejles\'c3\'b8parken, Br\'c3\'83\'c2\'bcel & Kj\'c3\'83\'c2\'a6r Vibro \
\
fixed sugested in Cover letter and CV review for interview readiness
\f0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\
Test 1 usage\
0-1 = ? s\'f8gte lidt f\'f8rst som tog lidt, men ved ikke hvor meget. \
2 done = 27% session used\
3 done = 40% used\
4.1 done = 59% used.\
4,2 done = 68% used.\
4.3 done = 78% used. \
5 done= 85% used.\
6 done	\
7.1 done = 91% used.\
7.2 done 92%\
\
\
Changes - Cover letter - never add the recipient lines. this is implied.\
Revise beginning.\
Never use english if the postingis danish\
translate how i built this\
Crete via templates in step 4\
}